.TH NOPUPPIES4U
.SH NAME
nopuppies4u \- system configuration and security checks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nopuppies4u
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnopuppies4u\fR is a command-line tool for performing basic system checks related to
environment configuration and potential misconfigurations. It can scan the user's
\fBPATH\fR, check \fBcrontab\fR entries, test \fBsudo\fR permissions, and
inspect Ubuntu's sources. It can run individual checks or all checks at once.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -h ", " --help
Display this help message.

.TP
.BR -c ", " --crontab
Check crontab entries.

.TP
.BR -p ", " --path
Check the system's PATH for potential vulnerabilities.
Results are written to \fBPATH.txt\fR.

.TP
.BR -s ", " --sudo " [path]"
Check for passwordless sudo access. Optionally specify a path to scan.

.TP
.BR -k ", " --ssh-keys " [path]"
Scan the specified path for world-writable SSH keys.

.TP
.BR -b ", " --suid " [path]"
Scan the specified path for SUID binaries.

.TP
.BR -a ", " --all
Run all available checks.

.TP
.BR -d ", " --directory " [path]"
Check directory for changes since the last scan.

.TP
.BR -r ", " --root
Force scans to start at root (/).

.TP
.BR -w ", " --write-new
Ignore saved timestamps and rewrite the audit.

.TP
.BR -i ", " --ignore-hidden
Skip hidden files and folders during scan.

.TP
.BR -g ", " --sudo-group
List users with sudo privileges.

.TP
.BR -U ", " --system-update
Check if the system is up to date by checking sources.

.TP
.BR -L ", " --parse-logs " <word1,word2>"
Parse system logs for the given keywords.

.TP
.BR -S ", " --sudoers
Check sudoers files for users with sudo access.

.TP
.BR -o ", " --log-dir " <path>"
Specify an output directory for logs and scan results.

.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Enable verbose output for more detailed logs.

.TP
.BR -x ", " --sources
Check Ubuntu software sources for issues.
